Bug fix: fdbrestore commands other than "start" were using default cl… (#1912)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/backups.rst

``--blob_credentials <FILE>``
  Use FILE as a :ref:`Blob Credential File<blob-credential-files>`.  Can be used multiple times.

``--dest_cluster_file <CONNFILE>``

>   Required.  Path to the cluster file that should be used to connect to the FoundationDB cluster you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Required.  Path to the cluster file that should be used to connect to the FoundationDB cluster you are restoring to.
```
